# Meeting Notes Week 2

Location: Drebbelweg 5, PC1 Cubicle 3\
Date: 15/02/2022\
Time: 13:45-14:30\
Attendees: Justin Wisker, Alexandra Velicu, Piotr Politowicz, Javier Perez, Ioana Ilincescu, Mike Erkemeij

# Agenda Items

## Backlog assignment - From a draft to a final document
---
1. Each item in the backlog must be rewritten as if it were telling a story. The format should be similar to item 10 in the "must" list. i.e: "Players must have unique names...".
2. By Friday 18th, each entry in the backlog must have been converted into a gitlab issue with titles and descriptions. Each team member will be assigned a number of entries to format and convert into issues
3. The TA suggested that everyone creates a merge request to add their name in the readme file on GitLab
## Code of conduct - Draw up the agreement
---
1. The team agreed to meet again on Wednesday 16th to discuss the code of conduct.
2. The code of conduct on brightspace only acts as a guideline, the team can agree to create or delete rules.
3. Every week, the team should reflect with the code of conduct to check if it is being fulfilled
## UI Sketch - Initial planning
---
1. The UI design will be discussed once the backlog and teamwork assignment are finished.
2. On week 3, the UI will be shown to another group in order to receive feedback and the team must provide a draft for the HCI assignment

# Summary of action points
| Action items      | Who is responsible | Deadline     |
| :---        | :----:        | :----:         |
| Create code of conduct   | Everyone        | 18/02/2022      |
| Format backlog & create issues on GitLab      | Everyone       | 18/02/2022   |
| Create merge request on GitLab      | Everyone       | 18/02/2022   |
| HCI Assignment draft    | Everyone       | 25/02/2022   |

# Questions
### -When will coding start?
- After submitting the HCI assignment ( week 4)
