Notes TA meeting 22.02.2022

DEADLINES:
•	HCI document draft for Friday 23:59
•	Teamwork assignment 3A and 3B
•	Information Literacy CHECK BRIGHTSPACE FOR DEADLINE
•	Ioana Alexandra merge request until Wednesday 23:59
FEADBACK:
1.GitLab
-divide issues between us, don’t put everybody on every issue (split the weekly)
-add more label (client or server-side issue, documentation, testing, to start/ started)
-change color scheme to red orange and yellow (convention)
-more relevant titles for issues (jokers -> make players have 3 jokers and elaborate more in the description)
-add more time estimations (weight = priority, due date = when we want it closed and finished time tracking = we estimate and then we track when we work) for organization at least one of them
-set up milestones every single week, at the beginning of the sprint
-an issue is about one single thing with checklists inside
-add little solutions/hints in the description (a little help for later)
- 1 or 2 people per issue
-boards for issues 
-all equally approve of merge requests and comment what’s not working, but also when there’s no bugs and it’s working
-merge request should have 2 other people approve
-let the creator merge their own request (maybe add to code of conduct)
-merge at the end of every single sprint, but never merge something buggy
-name branches from the issues
-never merge stuff that doesn’t pass the pipeline
2. Code of conduct
	-description of the course too generic, be more specific about the project
	-the goal project wise, not only the grade
T O O    G E N E R I C
Lol
	-ioana input: I think we just have to make it longer and much more specific and concrete, using exact times and places and so on (the SMART thing?)
	-write about when it s ok to cancel meeting and things like this (etiquette? Is that the word?)
For Friday we need to have endpoints in the project 
TUTORIALS ON MATTERMOST
UPLOAD AGENDAS BEFORE MEETINGS
